Sha Xin, you've always been stubborn and refused to see reason. I'll ask you one question, after waiting through these endless years, what have we been waiting for?" E Mo asked, his hand raised.

Sha Xin didn't respond, her eyes fixed on E Mo, her expression stern.

"We've been trapped in Jilei Void for so many years, and our cities, your Ku City and my Xuanci City, have been entangled in grudges for just as long. Now that you've come to me, wanting to join forces to enter this ancient land, don't you have the same goal as me? Why bring up old business and deceive yourself?" E Mo sneered.

"Don't put me on the same level as you!" Sha Xin said word by word.

"Sha Xin, for old times' sake, I'll offer you some advice. Now that the Demon King's corpse is before us, if we divide it between us, our great Dao can be expected. When the time comes, wanting to leave Jilei Void, this prison, will be effortless. Once we reach the Demon Realm or the Immortal Realm, it'll be a vast expanse of freedom." E Mo burst into laughter.

When Han Li heard these words, his gaze drifted towards the crystal coffin floating at the center of the Blood Lake.

At this moment, he was almost certain that the crystal coffin contained the Demon Clan's corpse, which they referred to as the "Sacred Remains". But why did E Mo call it the "Demon King"?

As he thought about this, he couldn't help but associate it with Xiadaoren, who seemed to have an unclear relationship with Jilei Void.

Or perhaps this "Demon King" was Xiadaoren's master back in the day?

"Xiadaoren, are you here?" Han Li tried to contact him using his divine sense, but there was no response.

Just then, Sha Xin's voice rang out.

"Do you think I've come to join forces with you for the same selfish reasons? You're greatly mistaken. To be honest, I've already found a way to revive my master." Sha Xin sneered.

"Ha! Revive? You're still delusional... The Demon King's attempt at merging with the Dao failed, and he's long dead, leaving behind only this corpse. It's impossible to revive him, or else this place wouldn't have been quiet for so many years. I wish the Demon King weren't dead, so I wouldn't be stuck here for so long! I advise you to give up, and stop doing something pointless." E Mo's face flickered with mockery.

"You heartless and treacherous thing, if not for your betrayal, bringing the Demon Lord to intervene at the critical moment of our master's merging with the Dao, our master would have succeeded and advanced to the Daoren realm." Sha Xin cursed.

"Hmph... You don't know anything. Even if the Demon Lord hadn't intervened, he still wouldn't have succeeded." E Mo sneered.

"My master possessed unparalleled talent and abilities, how could you possibly understand? If not for my master's cultivation, you would have long ago turned to dust in some filthy place. Now you dare to call him the Demon King, without even showing the respect due to a master... " Sha Xin angrily rebuked.

"That's enough! He taught me the way of cultivation, only because he saw my potential and wanted to cultivate a tool for himself. I'm not like you, treated as a pawn, and still happy about it. But, I chose Xuanshen, and you chose Kuwu, it was predetermined from the start. You're destined to be the Demon King's pawn, even after his death, you can't escape." E Mo's face twisted in anger, interrupting Sha Xin's rebuke.

"No matter what you say, you won't get the master's remains this time. After I revive him, he'll personally settle the score with you for your betrayal." Sha Xin suppressed her anger, her expression gradually calming.

E Mo's eyes flickered towards the figure lying on the ground, Shi Chong Kong, and laughed: "You don't have the Demon Clan's imperial bloodline, so you can't even open the crystal coffin. I have a real imperial prince, if you're willing to cooperate, we can both benefit. Otherwise, we can only watch the treasure before us, without being able to get it."

Just as E Mo finished speaking, a tall figure suddenly emerged from behind Sha Xin, laughing loudly: "Your words are incorrect, Lord E. Our sacred clan's bloodline is rare, but not limited to just the thirteen brothers. Mine is even more refined."

As the person spoke, they removed their hood, revealing a head of white hair, an ordinary face, but with an extraordinary aura. A pair of deep purple pupils shone with light.

Han Li's gaze swept over the figure, and his brow furrowed in surprise. This person was actually the Crown Prince, Shi Zhan Feng.

E Mo's expression changed, his face twisted in ferocity, and he snarled: "I've been kind enough to advise you, but you still refuse to give up. We can only end this in a life-or-death struggle."

With a final word, he stomped his foot, causing the underground space to shake violently. The Blood Lake's surface rippled wildly.

E Mo's figure turned into a wisp of smoke, disappearing from sight. The next instant, he reappeared behind Shi Zhan Feng, his hand shooting out like a hook to grab the crown prince's head.

Shi Zhan Feng's eyes flashed with warning, but his body was too slow to react. As E Mo's fingers were about to pierce his skull, a white bone spear suddenly shot out from the side, clashing with E Mo's wrist.

Shi Chong Kong glanced to the side, seeing Kun Yu standing with eyes blazing, holding a white bone spear with a starry glow. She had thrust it out to block E Mo's attack.

The spear was curved like a crescent moon, and it only managed to push E Mo's palm aside by a fraction of an inch. The crown prince's head was barely missed, but the wind from the spear left several bloody gashes on his face.

Seizing the opportunity, Shi Zhan Feng dodged to the side, his foot stomping the ground fiercely. His body burst forward, and his hand swiftly drew a white three-edged bone sword. The sword's surface shone with starlight as it pierced towards E Mo's abdomen.

E Mo's wrist flexed, shattering Kun Yu's bone spear as it met the three-edged bone sword. He raised his knee, using it to block the sword.
Only Han Li saw his legs covered in a dense array of star points which lit up, a hazy layer of white light like armor unfolding to cover his outer body, blocking the bone sword's sharp tip, rendering it unable to pierce through no matter how brightly the star points on the sword shone. 

"You seek death!" Er Shi let out a cold snort, ferociously flipping his foot up.

At the tip of his foot, a cluster of condensed white light instantly exploded, charging straight at Shi Zhan Feng's face.

The latter saw things weren't looking good, his long sword not retreating but instead surging forward, fiercely stabbing,  and then that counter force suddenly burst out, instantly pulling them apart by nearly a hundred zhang.

However, as fast as he retreated, he was far from a match for Er Shi. Before he could steady his body, Er Shi had already caught up.

Er Shi was clearly urgent to get rid of Shi Zhan Feng. In that instant of nearness, his waist suddenly spun around, his entire spine rising and falling like a dragon emerging from the sea, emitting loud rumbling noises.

Muscles bulged on his right arm, the layers of white starlight bursting out, an explosive power gushing out from the tip of his fist.

The fist hadn't yet arrived, but Shi Zhan Feng's countenance had already undergone a drastic change. He felt even his breathing had become somewhat labored, the surrounding air seemingly twisted to the point that even moving his body became unusually difficult.

Han Li gazed at this scene, his heart somewhat shaken. Previously, Er Shi had suffered severe injuries, but before long, he had recovered to such an extent?

The might of this blow was such that even he, as he was now, had no confidence that he could withstand it. 

Just then, an unexpected change took place!

Accompanying the continuous sonic booms, on the twelve metal orbs surrounding Er Shi, dazzling lights suddenly burst out.

The next moment, twelve bone puppets with starlight radiating from their bodies emerged, each holding a sharp, curved white bone chain, simultaneously flung out.

The twelve white bone chains transformed into a network of white rainbows, crisscrossing the air as they swooped in like a web.

Er Shi took in the scene, his fist, which had been moving to strike Shi Zhan Feng, suddenly changing direction, swinging upwards instead.

A burst of white starlight exploded from the top of his fist, like opening up a dazzling starry sky, streams of light shooting up, striking the white bone chain web.

At this time, the bone chain web above, every star point, after a flash of light, ceased to spew out stellar forces and instead transformed into tiny whirlpools that surged forth, exuding a formidable devouring force.

The starlight flowing from Er Shi's fist was like water being absorbed by the void, completely losing its might.

"What is this...?" Er Shi hadn't finished expressing his shock when the bone chain web completely closed in.

"Patterning" a soft cry rang out, the twelve bone puppets simultaneously performing a hand seal, their footsteps rapidly changing as they completed the patterning within seconds.

A flash of silver electricity instantly crossed the bone chain web, coalescing into a silver ball that imprisoned Er Shi.

Han Li heard the cry, frowning as he looked over, discovering that the black-clad woman, Xia Zi, who was called 'Little Purple' by Sa Xin, was currently seated on the ground, an array plate before her, twelve white pieces atop it.

Controlling twelve puppets and having them jointly cast a spell to lay down a formation was an extraordinary feat, and yet, it wasn't Sa Xin but her who achieved it.

Kun Yu, who held the bone spear, stood beside her, guarding her.

Han Li's surprise was ongoing when Er Shi sneered, "Do you think this crude formation can trap me?"

Following that, he bellowed with laughter and continued, "You can't even beat Shi Zhan Feng! Do you think you can trap me with this?"

His words were directed at Xia Zi and Kun Yu.

His body at once grew brighter as he lifted his fist and pummeled the bone chain net imprisoning him with great force.

There was a deafening crash.

The starlight on his fist burst out, and at the same time, the massive force behind it was absorbed by the devouring force of the bone chains.

While Er Shi had counterattacked with huge momentum, the devouring force of the bone chain web absorbed most of it and simultaneously triggered the electrical barrage hidden within, sending forth lightning to clash against Er Shi's body, causing large sparks to erupt.

Er Shi's attack had been strong, but he had not managed to break free. A faint, imperceptible crack appeared on the surface of the puppets.

As for Xia Zi, the moment the puppets finished casting their joint spell, she suddenly stiffened, her face pale and covered in perspiration.

"This natural array might not be able to trap you forever," Sa Xin said in a cold and emotionless voice, "but even if you can break free in a short time, it's still sufficient."

As soon as she said this, Sa Xin made eye contact with Shi Zhan Feng, and both of them leaped off the shore and flew towards the center of the lake.

In just a few flashes of movement, they reached the middle of the Blood Lake.